---
title: FreeFeed Privacy Policy
updated: 2018-07-21
---

## 1\. Introduction

1.1 FreeFeed MTÜ is a not for profit Association registered in Tallinn, Estonia.
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of FreeFeed.net visitors and
service users, member accounts data.

1.2 This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to
the personal data of FreeFeed.net website visitors and service users, where we
determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.

1.3 We use cookies on our website. Where cookies are required for the provision
of our website and services, use of our website requires your acceptance of
these cookies. Insofar as those cookies which are not strictly necessary for the
provision of our website and services, we will ask you to consent to our use of
cookies when you first visit our website. If you would like to opt out of using
cookies, controls are available via your web browser. See section 12 (About
Cookies) below for more details.

1.4 FreeFeed.net incorporates privacy controls which affect how we will process
your personal data. By using the privacy controls, registered FreeFeed.net users
can specify what information is visible to guest and to other registered
FreeFeed.net users. You can access the privacy controls via:
[https://freefeed.net/settings](/settings)

1.5 In this policy, "we", "us" and "our" refer to FreeFeed.net run by FreeFeed
MTÜ. For more information about us, see Section 18

## 2\. How we use your personal data

2.1 In this Section 2 we have set out:

1.  the general categories of personal data that we may process;
2.  in the case of personal data that we did not obtain directly from you, the
    source and specific categories of that data;
3.  the purposes for which we may process personal data;
4.  the legal bases of the processing.

2.2 We may process data about your use of our website and services ("**usage
data**"). The usage data may include your IP address, geographical location,
browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit,
page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the
timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data
is our analytics tracking system (see also Section 14.2). This usage data may be
processed for the purposes of analysing the use of the website and services. The
legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely monitoring
and improving our website and services.

2.3 We may process your user account data ("**account data**"). The account data
may include your username, email address, and any other information you provide
voluntarily when signing up or using the website. The account data may be
processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services,
ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our
databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is our
legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of FreeFeed.net and/or
FreeFeed MTÜ.

2.4 We may process information you included in your personal profile on our
website ("**profile data**"). The profile data may include your username,
display name, email address, profile picture, description etc. The profile data
may be processed for the purposes of enabling and monitoring your use of our
website and services. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate
interests, namely the proper administration of FreeFeed.net and/or FreeFeed MTÜ.

2.5 We may process information that you post for publication on our website or
through our services ("**publication data**"). The publication data may include
posts, pictures, comments, audio and video files, post and comment "Likes", any
"Groups" data, any other content published by the user on FreeFeed.net. The
publication data may be processed for the purposes of enabling such publication
and administering our website and services. The legal basis for this processing
is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of FreeFeed.net
and/or FreeFeed MTÜ.

2.6 We may process information that you provide to us for the purpose of
subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters ("**notification
data**"). The notification data may be processed for the purposes of sending you
the relevant notifications and/or newsletters. The legal basis for this
processing is your consent, obtained when you requested the information.

2.7 We may process information contained in or relating to any communication
that you send to us ("**correspondence data**"). The correspondence data may
include the communication content and metadata associated with the
communication. Our website may generate the metadata associated with
communications made using the website forms. The correspondence data may be
processed for the purposes of communicating with you, improving the service, and
record-keeping. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests,
namely the proper administration of FreeFeed.net and/or FreeFeed MTÜ.

2.8 We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where
necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in
court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. The legal
basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and
assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.

2.9 We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where
necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage,
managing risks, using volunteer work or obtaining professional advice. The legal
basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper
protection of FreeFeed MTÜ against risks.

2.10 In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal
data set out in this Section 2, we may also process any of your personal data
where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to
which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital
interests of another natural person.

## 3\. Automated decision-making

3.1 We do not believe that we use your personal data for the purposes of
automated decision-making in relation to significant consequences as defined in
the GDPR.

## 4\. Providing your personal data to others

4.1 We may disclose your personal data to our insurers and/or professional
advisers and/or lawyers insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of
obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining
professional advice, or the establishment, exercise or defenсe of legal claims,
whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.

4.2 In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this
Section 4, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary
for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to
protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for
the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court
proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.

## 5\. International transfers of your personal data (for EU residents)

5.1 In this Section 5, we provide information about the circumstances in which
your personal data may be transferred to countries outside the European Economic
Area (EEA).

5.2 FreeFeed.net and FreeFeed MTÜ are located in Tallinn, Estonia (EU Member
State).

5.3 The hosting facilities for our website are situated in Germany and in the
United States of America. Your data will be stored in accordance with GDPR
regulations, to the best of our ability, however some data storage and
processing will be done inside of the United States of America.

5.4 You acknowledge that personal data that you submit for publication through
our website or services may be available, via the Internet, around the world. We
cannot prevent the use (or misuse) of such public personal data by others.

## 6\. Retaining and deleting personal data

6.1 This Section 6 sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are
designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to
the retention and deletion of personal data.

6.2 Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept
for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.

6.3 We will retain your personal data as follows:

1.  Usage, account data, profile data, and publication data will be retained for
    a maximum of 12 months after you notify us that you want to delete your
    account;
2.  Log Data will be retained for a maximum of 2 years - or we will retain the
    log data longer but remove any common account identifiers such as your
    username and email address within a 2 year period.

6.4 In some cases it is not possible for us to specify in advance the periods
for which your personal data will be retained. In such cases, we will determine
the period of retention based on our legitimate interests, namely the proper
protection of FreeFeed MTÜ against risks and communications with users.

6.5 Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 6, we may retain your
personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal
obligation to which we are subject, including all relevant laws of Estonia
and/or European Union, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital
interests of another natural person.

## 7\. Amendments

7.1 We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on
FreeFeed.net

7.2 You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any
changes to this policy.

7.3 We may, at our discretion, choose to notify you of significant changes to
this policy by email.

## 8\. Your rights

8.1 In this Section 8, we have summarised the rights that you have under data
protection law. Some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details have
been included in our summaries. Accordingly, you should read the relevant laws
and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these
rights.

8.2 Your principal rights under data protection law are:

1.  the right to access;
2.  the right to rectification;
3.  the right to erasure;
4.  the right to restrict processing;
5.  the right to object to processing;
6.  the right to object to data portability;
7.  the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and
8.  the right to withdraw consent.

8.3 You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your
personal data and, where we do, access to the personal data, together with
certain additional information. That additional information includes details of
the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned and
the recipients of the personal data. Providing the rights and freedoms of others
are not affected, we will supply to you a copy of your personal data. The first
copy will be provided free of charge, but additional copies may be subject to a
reasonable fee.

8.4 You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified
and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete
personal data about you completed.

8.5 In some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal
data without undue delay. Those circumstances include: the personal data are no
longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or
otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based processing; you
object to the processing under certain rules of applicable data protection law;
the processing is for direct marketing purposes; and the personal data have been
unlawfully processed. However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure. The
general exclusions include where processing is necessary: for exercising the
right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal
obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defenсe of legal claims.

8.6 In some circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of your
personal data. Those circumstances are: you contest the accuracy of the personal
data; processing is unlawful but you oppose erasure; we no longer need the
personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data
for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; and you have
objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection. Where
processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your
personal data. However, we will only otherwise process it: with your consent;
for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; for the protection
of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important
public interest.

8.7 You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for
scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes on grounds
relating to your particular situation, unless the processing is necessary for
the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.

8.8 To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal data
is:

1.  consent; or
2.  that the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which
    you are party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering
    into a contract, and such processing is carried out by automated means, you
    have the right to receive your personal data from us in a structured,
    commonly used and machine-readable format. However, this right does not
    apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.

8.9 If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes
data protection laws, you have a legal right to file a complaint with FreeFeed
Supervisory Board or a relevant authority responsible for data protection. You
may do so in Estonia, EU state or a state of your habitual residence, your place
of work or the place of the alleged infringement.

8.10 FreeFeed MTÜ is based in Estonia (European Union) and laws of other
countries may conflict with EU law and GDPR regulations that we aim to comply
with. In cases where different regulations may be in conflict with each other,
we will do our best to work with you to resolve your issues and/or concerns.

8.11 To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal
information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time.
Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.

8.12 You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data email
notice to us [freefeed.net@gmail.com](mailto:freefeed.net@gmail.com)

## 9\. Third party websites

9.1 FreeFeed.net includes hyperlinks to, and details of, third party websites.

9.2 We have no control over, and are not responsible for, the privacy policies
and practices of third parties.

## 10\. Age limit

10.1 Our website and services are targeted at persons over the age of 18.
10.2 If you have reason to believe that a person under the age of 18 has

registered for, or posted data on, our website, please report that user to us so
that their personal data can be removed.

## 11\. Updating information

11.1 Please let us know if the personal information that we hold about you needs
to be corrected or updated.

## 12\. About cookies

12.1 A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and
numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the
browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser
requests a page from the server.

12.2 Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: a
persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until
its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a
session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session,
when the web browser is closed.

12.3 Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies
a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the
information stored in and obtained from cookies.

12.4 Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies.
The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to
version. You can manage your preferences relating to the use of cookies on our
website by adjusting the settings in your browser. If you restrict the usage of
cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.

## 13\. Cookies that we use

13.1 We use cookies for the following purposes:

1.  authentication - we use cookies to identify you when you visit our website
    and as you navigate our website.
2.  status - we use cookies to help us to determine if you are logged into our
    website.
3.  personalisation - we use cookies to store information about your preferences
    and to personalise the website for you.
4.  security - we use cookies as an element of the security measures used to
    protect user accounts, including preventing fraudulent use of login
    credentials, and to protect our website and services generally.
5.  analysis - we use cookies to help us to analyze the use and performance of
    our website and services.
6.  cookie consent - we use cookies to store your preferences in relation to the
    use of cookies more generally.

## 14\. Cookies used by our service providers

14.1 Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your
computer when you visit our website.

14.2 We may use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website. Google
Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The
information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the
use of our website. Google's privacy policy is available at:
[https://policies.google.com/privacy](https://policies.google.com/privacy)

## 15\. Our details

15.1 FreeFeed.net is owned and operated by a non-profit organisation FreeFeed
MTÜ, registered in Tallinn, Estonia.

15.2 You can contact us:

1.  By email: [freefeed.net@gmail.com](mailto:freefeed.net@gmail.com)
2.  By post: FreeFeed MTÜ, Muti 30-25, 13424 Tallinn, Estonia

15.3 If you have any additional questions or concerns relating to privacy at
FreeFeed.net - please contact us anytime using the email address above. Thank
you!

If you have any questions about these Terms, please [contact
us](mailto:freefeed.net@gmail.com).
