---
title: FreeFeed Terms of Service
updated: 2024-04-09
---

Please read these Terms of Service ("Terms", "Terms of Use") carefully before
using the [https://freefeed.net](https://freefeed.net) website (the "Service")
operated by FreeFeed MTÜ ("us", "we", or "our").

Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and
compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others
who access or use the Service.

By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you
disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.

FreeFeed reserves the right to change these Terms at any time. We recommend that
you periodically check this Site for changes.

We reserve rights to monitor publicly available information posted on FreeFeed
and proactively remove accounts that are used for the sole purpose of spam.

Without advance notice and at any time, we may, for violations of these Terms or
for any other reason we choose: (1) suspend your access to all or any part of
the Service, (2) suspend or terminate your Account, and/or (3) remove any of
your User Content from the Service.

FreeFeed reserves the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any
time.

## Content

Our Service allows you to post, link, store, share and otherwise make available
certain information, text, graphics, videos, or other material ("Content"). You
are responsible for the Content that you post to the Service, including its
legality, reliability, and appropriateness.

You own all of the content and information you post on the Service, and you can
control who gets access to it through your privacy settings.

With respect to photos, graphics, audio, video and other content you make
available on the Service, you grant the Service worldwide, royalty-free and
non-exclusive license to use, distribute, publish, translate, reproduce, modify,
adapt, publicly perform and publicly display such Content (in whole or in part)
on the Service solely for the purpose of displaying, hosting, providing access
to, distributing, and promoting your posts, comments and other Content. This
license exists only for as long as you elect to continue to include such Content
on the Service and will terminate at the time you remove or FreeFeed MTÜ removes
such Content from the Service.

You agree that this license includes the right for us to make your Content
available to other users of the Service, who may also use your Content subject
to these Terms.

## Copyright Policy

We respect the intellectual property rights of others. It is our policy to
respond to any claim that Content posted on the Service infringes the copyright
or other intellectual property infringement ("Infringement") of any person.

If you are a copyright owner, or authorized on behalf of one, and you believe
that the copyrighted work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright
infringement that is taking place through the Service, you must submit your
notice in writing to the attention of "Copyright Infringement" of
freefeed.net@gmail.com and include in your notice a detailed description of the
alleged Infringement.

You may be held accountable for damages (including costs and attorneys' fees)
for misrepresenting that any Content is infringing your copyright.

## Intellectual Property

The Service and its original content (excluding Content provided by users),
features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of
FreeFeed MTÜ and its licensors. The Service is protected by copyright,
trademark, and other laws of both Estonia and foreign countries. Our trademarks
and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service
without the prior written consent of FreeFeed MTÜ.

## Links To Other Web Sites

Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not
owned or controlled by FreeFeed MTÜ.

FreeFeed MTÜ has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the
content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or
services. You further acknowledge and agree that FreeFeed MTÜ shall not be
responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or
alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such
content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or
services.

We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of
any third-party web sites or services that you visit.

## Limitation Of Liability

In no event shall FreeFeed MTÜ, nor its directors, employees, partners, agents,
suppliers, or affiliates, be liable for any indirect, incidental, special,
consequential or punitive damages, including without limitation, loss of
profits, data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from (i)
your access to or use of or inability to access or use the Service; (ii) any
conduct or content of any third party on the Service; (iii) any content obtained
from the Service; and (iv) unauthorized access, use or alteration of your
transmissions or content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including
negligence) or any other legal theory, whether or not we have been informed of
the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found
to have failed of its essential purpose.

## Disclaimer

Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an "AS
IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any
kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied
warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose,
non-infringement or course of performance.

FreeFeed MTÜ, its subsidiaries, affiliates, and its licensors do not warrant
that a) the Service will function uninterrupted, secure or available at any
particular time or location; b) any errors or defects will be corrected; c) the
Service is free of viruses or other harmful components; or d) the results of
using the Service will meet your requirements.

## Governing Law

These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of
Estonia, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.

Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be
considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to
be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms
will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us
regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might
have between us regarding the Service.

## Changes

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms
at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days
notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change
will be determined at our sole discretion.

By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become
effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to
the new terms, please stop using the Service.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about these Terms, please [contact
us](mailto:freefeed.net@gmail.com).